.TH NOVAGUI "1" "February 2012" "12.02"

.SH NAME 
.B novagui
\- A QT based GUI frontend for Nova

.SH SYNOPSIS 
.B novagui

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.PP 
.I NovaGUI 
is the GUI frontend for the NOVA system. Using NovaGUI, you can start and stop any of the individual Nova processes, view different classification results and adjust the settings for each process. 

.SH CONFIGURATION
.PP 
Once Nova has been successfully installed, within the /usr/share/nova directory there should be three files: NOVAConfig.txt, haystack.config, and doppelganger.config. For formatting information on haystack.config or doppelganger.config, please refer to the honeyd man pages (man honeyd). 
.PP 
NOVAConfig.txt contains all of the configuration information required to run Nova properly. If you are going to be modifying the configuration file manually, please read the examples for each configuration variable and make sure that you follow the format displayed. Otherwise, the GUI provides an easy interface to change and update different configuration settings.

.SH SEE ALSO 
.B novad(1), 
.B honeyd(1)

.SH COPYRIGHT 
.PP 
.B Nova is Copyright (c) 2011 - 2012 DataSoft Corporation
.PP 
Nova is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. Nova is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with Nova.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
